feat: add signup or introduction into European Design Systems (#2126)
nl-design-system/documentatie: docs/footer/privacy-policy.mdx

---
title: Privacy policy
hide_title: true
hide_table_of_contents: true
pagination_label: Privacy policy
slug: /privacy-policy
---

<div lang="en">

# Privacy policy

We believe it is important to handle your personal data with care. That is why we follow the privacy policy of ICTU, of which NL Design System is a part. ICTU attaches great importance to the correct compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) legislation.

For various activities of NL Design System you provide personal data. Below you can find what we do with this data.

## What do we do with your personal information?

We do not pass on your personal data to third parties, unless we are legally obliged to do so or this is necessary for organizing activities. For example: If you sign up for the newsletter, we will only use your email address to send newsletters and to inform you about upcoming activities (and for nothing else).

## What do we do with the visitor data?

We are not currently analyzing visitor data.

## Newsletter

We only use the information you provide when registering for the newsletter to send our newsletters.

## Events

> The activities we organize are intended to stimulate collaboration between members of the community. We use the data you enter when registering to communicate with you about that event and to draw your attention to similar events after the event. For the logistics of the event, we will use the registration data, for example to send invitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The activities we organize are intended to stimulate collaboration between members of the community. We use the data you enter when registering to communicate with you about that event and to draw your attention to new relevant events. For the logistics of the event, we will use the registration data, for example to send invitations.
```

> We use Outlook for invitations, which does not allow you to add people to the invitation without others being able to see it.

Reviewer: Dit voelt als een rare zin: 1) er is geen gebrek aan een dubbele ontkenning 2) we gebruiken een invite waarbij andere uitgenodigde mensen elkaar kunnen zien, en dan in de alinea erna: daarom bevat de invite geen e-mailadressen van anderen. Voelt alsof dit veel simpeler kan: niet uitleggen hoe het systeem werkt, maar zeggen dat we een attachment sturen die niet automatisch wordt geupdate, om je gegevens te beschermen. Misschien dan ook even opmerken dat mensen updates die we alsnog sturen wel moeten openen.

Author: Goeie! Ik haal hem helemaal weg (ook in de nederlandse)

For digital events we will therefore send you an invitation as an attachment, this will not contain any email addresses of participants and this invitation will not be updated.

For physical events, we would like to know if you are coming. In addition, we want to be able to easily let you know if a location changes or if the event is unexpectedly cancelled. That is why we think it is important to send an invitation for these types of events that we can update. In these invitations, the email addresses of all invitees will be visible.

We believe it is important to handle your personal data with care. That is why we ask you for permission to use your email address for these invitations.

> Good to know: of course you can unsubscribe at any time. You can do this by sending an email to [mailto:info@nldesignsystem.nl](info@nldesignsystem.nl).

Reviewer: `mailto` staat steeds op de verkeerde plek
